Add API sample for chrome.scripting API. (#830)
GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples: api-samples/scripting/README.md

# chrome.scripting API

> This sample demonstrates basic usage of the [chrome.scripting](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/) API.

Reviewer: suggestion rephrase to make it more clear what this example does (for people like me who don't know what the scripting API does...)
```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to use the [chrome.scripting](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/) API to inject JavaScript into web pages.
```
